♪ My life, my love
♪ My lady is the sea ♪
Peter...
this is the sea.
Oh...
Finally! Rocket?
Keep that transmitter nearby,
so I can find you.
We're in an old piece of construction
equipment Yondu once used...
to slice open the
Bank of A'askavaria.
Ego's unhinged.
I know. Get ready.
Drop her, Kraglin.
Hey, there, jackass!
What is that thing?
Out of the way,
dumber, smaller Groot!
I told you something
didn't feel right.
"I told you so."
Just what I need to hear right now.
Well, I came back, didn't I?
Because there's
an unspoken thing.
There is no unspoken thing.
What are you doing?
You could've killed us all!
Uh... "Thank you, Rocket"?
We had it under control.
We did not.
That is only an extension...
of his true self.
He will be back soon.
What's Smurfette doing here?
Whatever I need to do
to get a damn ride home.
She tried to murder me!
I saved you, you stupid fox!
He's not a fox.
I am Groot.
I'm not a raboon, either.
"Raccoon." Whatever.
How do we kill a Celestial?
There's a center to him.
His brain, his soul,
whatever it is...
Some sort of protective shell.
It's in the caverns...
below the surface.
Yondu?
Thrusters are out.
Guess I should be glad
I was a skinny kid.
Otherwise, you'd have
delivered me to this maniac.
You still reckon
that's the reason
I kept you around, you idiot?
That's what you told me,
you old doofus.
Once I figured out what
happened to them other kids...
I wasn't just gonna
hand you over.
You said you were gonna eat me.
That was being funny!
Not to me!
You people have issues.
Of course I have issues.
That's my freakin' father!
Thrusters are back up.
- We should be going up!
- We can't!
Ego wants to eradicate
the universe as we know it.
We have to kill him.
Rocket!
Got it!
Whoo-hoo!
So, we're saving
the galaxy again?
I guess.
Awesome!
We're really gonna be
able to jack up our prices...
if we're two-time galaxy savers.
I seriously can't believe
that's where your mind goes.
It was just a random thought, man.
I thought we were friends.
Of course, I care about the
planets, and the buildings...
and all the animals
on the planets.
And the people.
Meh.
The crabby puppy is so cute.
He makes me wanna die!
Asgardians...
some misguided soul...
has stolen the Bifrost sword.
Tell us where it is...
or there will be consequences.
Bad ones.
Well?
You.
Well? Executioner?
Wait!
I know where the sword is.
I never thought
I'd be back here.
I thought it'd be a lot nicer.
I mean, not that it's not nice.
It's just, it's on fire.
Here, up here in the mountains.
Heat signatures.
People clustered together.
She's coming for them.
Okay, drop me off at the palace
- and I'll draw her away.
- And get yourself killed?
The people trapped down
there are all that matters.
While I'm dealing with
Hela, I need you two
to help get everyone off Asgard.
How the hell are we
supposed to do that?
I have a man on the ground.
Asgard.
She's here.
Now the ship has a gun.
I'll take it from here.
I found this in the armory.
Good luck.
Your Majesty...
don't die.
You know what I mean.
Pilots...
release envoy units.
Our sensors detect the batteries
are below the surface
of the planet.
Dive!
Um... Captain?
Captain?
Tell me why Ego wants you here?
He needs my genetic
connection to the light...
to help destroy the universe.
He tried to teach me
how to control the power.
So, could you?
A little.
I made a ball.
A ball?
I thought as hard as I could.
It was all that I
could come up with.
You "thought"?
You think when I
make this arrow fly...
I use my head?
Whoa.
There.
That's Ego's core.
That ore is thick, Rocket.
I got it covered.
We must hurry.
It will not take Ego
long to find us.
Keep it steady.
We drill into the center,
we kill him!
Captain?
What is it, Kraglin?
Hey, remember
that Ayesha chick?
- Yeah, why?
- Uh...
Oh, hell!
We must keep moving!
Go to the Bifrost!
Sister.
You're still alive.
I love what you've
done with the place.
Redecorating, I see.
It seems our father's solution
to every problem
was to cover it up.
Or to cast it out.
He told you you were worthy.
He said the same thing to me.
You see?
You never knew him.
Not at his best.
Odin and I drowned
entire civilizations
in blood and tears.
Where do you think
all this gold came from?
And then, one day...
he decided to become
a benevolent king.
To foster peace,
to protect life...
to have you.
I understand why you're angry.
And you are my sister,
and technically
have a claim to the throne.
And believe me, I would love
for someone else to rule.
But it can't be you.
You're just...
...the worst.
Okay, get up.
You're in my seat.
You know, Father once told me...
that a wise king
never seeks out war.
But must always be ready for it.
Why aren't you
firing the lasers?
They blew out the generator.
I think I packed
a small detonator.
A detonator is worthless
without explosives.
Well, we got these.
Is that thing strong
enough to kill Ego?
If it is, it'll cause
a chain reaction...
throughout his entire
nervous system.
Meaning what?
The entire planet will explode.
We'll have to get
out of here fast.
I rigged a timer.
Go!
He's coming.
Didn't you say you
could make him sleep?
When he wants.
He's too powerful.
I can't!
You don't have to
believe in yourself...
because I believe in you.
Sleep!
I never thought she'd
be able to do it...
with as weak and skinny
as she appears to be.
I don't know how
long I can hold him.
The metal's too thick.
For the bomb to work,
we'd actually need to
place it on Ego's core.
And our fat butts ain't gonna
fit through those tiny holes.
Well...
That's a terrible idea.
Which is the only kind
of idea we have left.
Unbelievable.
"Rocket, do this.
Rocket, do that."
What a day.
All right, first you flick
this switch, then this switch.
That activates it.
Then you push this button...
which will give you five
minutes to get out of there.
Now, whatever you do...
don't push this button...
because that will set
off the bomb immediately
and we'll all be dead.
Now, repeat back
what I just said.
- I am Groot.
- Uh-huh.
- That's right.
- I am Groot.
- No!
No, that's the button
that will kill everyone!
Try again.
Hmm...
- I am Groot.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Uh-huh.
I am Groot.
No! That's exactly
what you just said!
How is that even possible?
Which button is the button
you're supposed to push?
Point to it.
No!
Hey, you're making him nervous!
Shut up and get me some tape!
Does anybody have
any tape out there?
I wanna put some tape
over the death button.
I don't have any tape.
Let me check.
Yo, Yondu... Ow!
Do you have any tape?
Gamora? Do you have any tape?
Tape!
Never mind. Ow!
Drax, do you have any tape?
Yes, Scotch tape would work.
Then why did you ask me
if Scotch tape would work,
if you don't have any?
Nobody has any tape!
Not a single person has tape?
Nope!
Did you ask Nebula?
Yes!
Are you sure?
I asked Yondu...
and she was sitting next to him.
I knew you were lying!
You have priceless batteries
and an atomic bomb in your bag.
If anybody's gonna
have tape, it's you!
That's exactly my point!
I have to do everything!
You are wasting
a lot of time here!
Whee!
We're all gonna die.
Go back!
Go!
To be honest,
I expected more.
Heimdall!
The sword!
Here's the difference
between us.
I'm Odin's firstborn...
the rightful heir,
the savior of Asgard.
And you're nothing.
So simple, even a
blind man could see it.
Oh.
Now you remind me of Dad.
The stupid dog won't die!
Everything's gonna be
all right now. I got this.
You wanted to know who I am?
What the hell are
you talking about?
You'll see!
You see? No one's
going anywhere.
I'll get that sword...
even if I have to kill every
single one of them to do it.
Hey, man.
I'm Korg. This is Miek.
We're gonna jump
on that spaceship
and get out of here.
Wanna come?
Your savior is here.
Did you miss me?
Everyone, on that ship now.
Welcome home.
I saw you coming.
Of course you did.
It's a valiant effort,
but you never stood a chance.
You see...
I'm not a queen or a monster.
I'm the Goddess of Death.
What were you the god of, again?
Even when you had two eyes...
you'd see only half the picture.
She's too strong.
Without my hammer, I can't.
Are you Thor,
the God of Hammers? Hmm?
That hammer was to help
you control your power,
to focus it.
It was never your
source of strength.
It's too late.
She's already taken Asgard.
Asgard is not a place.
Never was.
This could be Asgard.
Asgard is where
our people stand.
Even now, right now,
those people need your help.
I'm not as strong as you.
No...
you're stronger.
Tell me, brother.
What were you the god of again?
- You're late.
- You're missing an eye.
This isn't over.
Rear thrusters are out again!
We're done for
without that generator!
Guardians...
perhaps it will
provide you solace...
that your deaths are
not without purpose.
They will serve as a warning...
to all of those tempted
with betraying us.
Don't screw with the Sovereign.
This is gonna hurt.
Promises, promises.
Hey!
No!
No! No! No!
We're gonna blow!
Peter! No!
What?
You look like Mary Poppins.
Is he cool?
Hell, yeah, he's cool.
I'm Mary Poppins, y'all!
Mantis, look out!
She's just unconscious.
How long until
the bomb goes off?
In the unlikely event that
Groot doesn't kill us all...
about six minutes.
Kraglin, we need the
quadrant for an extraction.
T-minus five minutes.
Aye, Captain.
Somebody's gotta be up
top when Kraglin arrives.
Drax, take Mantis.
Ow! My nipples!
Gamora!
Peter!
Get over it.
Come now, Peter.
I know this isn't what you want.
What kind of father would I be
to let you make this choice?
Yeah!
Soon, Peter, we
will be all there is.
So stop pissing me off!
We have to get up
to the extraction point!
Go!
I told you...
I don't want to do this alone.
You cannot deny...
the purpose the universe
has bestowed upon you.
Everyone, I need
you to stay back!
What is that?
It doesn't need to
be like this, Peter.
Why are you
destroying our chance?
Stop pretending you
aren't what you are.
One in billions.
Trillions. Even more.
What greater meaning can
life possibly have to offer?
I don't use my head
to fly the arrow, boy!
I use my heart...
You shouldn't have killed my
mom, and squished my Walkman.
♪ And if you don't love me now
♪ You will never love me again
♪ I can still hear you saying
♪ You would
never break the chain
♪ And if you don't love me now
♪ You will never love me again
♪ I can still hear you saying
♪ You would
never break the chain
♪ And if you don't love me now
♪ You will never love me again
♪ I can still hear you saying
♪ You would
never break the chain ♪
I think we should
disband the Revengers.
Hit her with a lightning blast.
I just hit her with the
biggest lightning blast
in the history of lightning.
It did nothing.
We just need to hold her
off until everyone's on board.
It won't end there.
The longer Hela's on Asgard,
the more powerful she grows.
She'll hunt us down.
We need to stop
her here and now.
So what do we do?
I'm not doing "Get Help."
Asgard's not a
place, it's a people.
Loki...
this was never about
stopping Ragnarok.
This was about causing Ragnarok.
Surtur's crown, the vault.
It's the only way.
Bold move, brother.
Even for me.
Shall we?
After you.
This is madness.
♪ Chain keep us together
Go!
Go, now!
♪ Chain keep us together
♪ Runnin' in the shadow
For Asgard.
Hela!
With the Eternal Flame,
you are reborn.
Hela, enough!
You want Asgard, it's yours.
Whatever game you're
playing, it won't work.
You can't defeat me.
No, I know.
But he can.
No.
Tremble before me, Asgard!
I am your reckoning!
The people are safe.
That's all that matters.
We're fulfilling the prophecy.
I hate this prophecy.
So do I, but we have no choice.
Surtur destroys Asgard...
he destroys Hela, so that
our people may live.
But we need to let
him finish the job,
otherwise...
No!
Hulk, stop, you moron!
Hulk, stop.
Just for once in
your life, don't smash.
Big monster!
Let's go!
Fine.
I am Asgard's doom!
The damage is not too bad.
As long as the foundations
are still strong...
we can rebuild this place.
It will become a haven...
for all peoples and
aliens of the universe.
Now those foundations
are gone. Sorry.
What have I done?
You saved us from extinction.
Asgard is not a place...
it's a people.
Groot!
If you can hear me, hurry up!
I'm not sure how long Quill
can keep him distracted!
Groot, hurry!
Yondu, we're about to blow!
Get to the ship!
Not without Quill!
You need to take
care of the twig!
Not without you!
I ain't done nothin' right
my whole damn life, rat.
You need to give me this.
Uh...
A spacesuit and an aero-rig.
I only have one of each.
I am Groot.
What's that?
He says, "Welcome to the frickin'
Guardians of the Galaxy."
Only he didn't use "frickin'."
Bye, twig.
We're gonna need to have a real
discussion about your language.
Where's Peter?
Rocket, where is he?
Rocket.
Rocket, look at me!
Where is he?
Mmm...
No. I'm not leaving without him.
I'm sorry.
I can only afford to
lose one friend today.
Kraglin, go!
Wait...
Is Quill back?
Rocket, where's Quill?
Rocket!
Where's Quill?
No, we need to stop it.
Stop.
Stop. Listen to me!
You are a god.
If you kill me...
you'll be just like
everybody else.
What's so wrong with that?
No!
He may have been
your father, boy,
but he wasn't your daddy.
I'm sorry I didn't
do none of it right.
I'm damn lucky you're my boy.
What?
Yondu, what are you doing?
You can't.
Yondu!
No!
Oh! Aww...
No! No!
Oh, no!
It suits you.
Maybe you're not so
bad after all, brother.
Maybe not.
Thank you.
If you were here, I might
even give you a hug.
I'm here.
Your throne.
So. King of Asgard.
Where to?
I'm not sure.
Any suggestions?
Miek, where are you from?
Oh, Miek's dead.
Yeah, no, I accidentally stomped
on him on the bridge.
I've just felt so guilty,
I've been carrying
him around all day.
Miek, you're alive!
He's alive, guys.
What was your
question again, bro?
Earth it is.
Do you really think
it's a good idea
to go back to Earth?
Yes, of course.
The people of Earth love me.
I'm very popular.
Let me rephrase that.
Do you really think
it's a good idea
to bring me back to Earth?
Probably not, to be honest.
I wouldn't worry, brother.
I feel like everything's
gonna work out fine.
I told Gamora...
how when I was a
kid I used to pretend
David Hasselhoff was my dad.
He's a singer and actor from Earth,
really famous guy.
Earlier, it struck me...
Yondu didn't have a talking car,
but he did have a flying arrow.
He didn't have the beautiful
voice of an angel...
but he did have
the whistle of one.
Both Yondu and David Hasselhoff
went on kick-ass adventures...
and hooked up with hot women...
and fought robots.
I guess David Hasselhoff did kind
of end up being my dad after all.
Only it was you, Yondu.
I had a pretty cool dad.
What I'm trying
to say here is...
sometimes that thing you're
searching for your whole life...
it's right there by
your side all along.
You don't even know it.
I am Groot.
He did call you twig.
Nebula...
I was a child like you.
I was concerned with staying alive
until the next day, every day.
And I never considered
what Thanos was doing to you.
I'm trying to make it right.
There are little
girls like you...
across the universe
who are in danger.
You can stay with
us and help them.
I will help them
by killing Thanos.
I don't know if that's possible.
You will always be my sister.
Pete!
Captain found this for
you in a junker shop.
Said you'd come back
to the fold someday.
What is it?
It's called a Zune.
It's what everybody's
listening to on Earth nowadays.
It's got 300 songs on it.
300 songs?
Wait.
Rocket grabbed the pieces,
and reassembled them.
I think Yondu would
want you to have it.
Thanks...
Captain.
♪ It's not time
to make a change
♪ Just relax,
take it easy
♪ You're still young,
that's your fault
♪ There's so much
you have to know
♪ Find a girl,
settle down
♪ If you want
you can marry
♪ Look at me,
I am old, but I'm happy
They came.
What is it?
I sent word to Yondu's
old Ravager buddies,
and told them what he did.
It's a Ravager funeral.
Yeah!
He didn't let us down
after all, Captain.
No, he did not, son.
He did not.
Fare thee well, old friend.
Yondu Udonta, I will
see you in the stars.
He didn't chase them away.
No.
Even though he yelled at them.
And was always mean.
And he stole batteries
he didn't need.
Well, of course not.
What?
It's just...
some unspoken thing.
It's beautiful.
It is.
And so are you.
On the inside.
♪ Now there's a way
♪ And I know that
I have to go away
♪ I know I have to go ♪
Dread it, run from it...
destiny arrives all the same.
And now, it's here.
Or should I say...
I am.
High Priestess, the
Council is waiting.
They are perturbed I've
wasted our resources.
When they see what
I have created here...
their wrath will dissipate.
It's a new type of
birthing pod, ma'am?
That, my child...
is the next step
in our evolution.
More powerful,
more beautiful...
more capable of destroying
the Guardians of the Galaxy.
I think I shall call him...
Adam.